Hello, my name is Sergey. I'm thirty-one years old and have the best wife, and three handsome children.  My home country is Belarus, now, unfortunately, we are living in a foreign country, but believe that it will not be a long.
And now a short story about my path to programming.  When I was a scientist, I took part in  Olympiads in physics and maths, unfortunately, my informatics lessons were learning Word and Excel. At two thousand thirteen, I graduated from Belarusian State University Informatics and Radioelectronics and became a radio electronics engineer but almost didn't work as an engineer. My first experience in programming was on Delphi after I tried to study Java(if I can call it two months an attempt and it was ten years ago).
Most of my adult life has been spent working as a salesman. For a while, I had my own business, it was a rich period of my life. But now  I'm here and for the last six months all my time, it is learning programming. First two months I was still working as a salesman and learning at Rolling Scope School, I realized that I like programming (a thought occurred to me: why am I only doing this now?), and currently all my time its learning HTML, CSS, GIT, Javascript, English, and other once.  My biggest focus at the moment is Javascript. Learn.javascript, a lot of Youtube channels, and of course RSSchol are helping me with it.
I am well aware that now is a difficult time to start a career and it takes a lot of work every day, but I'm ready for it. There is only one way it is forward and I will be a programmer now or a little later, with or without a mentor (better with him and early).  No one has abolished the ten thousand hours rule. I am finishing the course at around the top one hundred and fifty and hope to have a mentor with whom my learning will be even better and more intense. Looking forward to meeting you.
I'm sorry, my self video didn't include special effects and could seem boring, but now my goal is programming but not blogging. I'll would better go to resolve something task on the Codewars (OOP and Typescript are waiting for me).
Finally, I would like to thank the Rolling Scope School. You are doing a very great and useful job. Thank you, everybody) See you later. Live Belarus!
